# Afghanistan-Intelligence-and-Security-Informatics-analysis-
Overall Goal / Research Hypothesis
The Objective 0f my expl0rati0n is t0 investigati0n the dataset given which c0ntains the Afghanistan Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics fr0m the IRA (Internet Research Agency) and get en0ugh highlights fr0m that dataset t0 have the 0pti0n t0 prepare a m0del t0 break d0wn and distinguish tr0ll Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. The dataset that is given c0ntains a f0ur distinctive principle p0rtrayals 0f Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. The first speculati0n we expressed was planned f0r characterizing an individual Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. While that resulted in s0me achievement, the 0utc0me, which we will talk ab0ut later, was n0t as fulfilling. In the wake 0f investigating the inf0rmati0n an0ther the0ry was drawn up, we can characterize the rec0rd as a tr0ll, n0t the individual Intelligence and Security.

# A Comparis0n Study
We have learned ab0ut the kn0wledge security meeting .There was very little 0ther w0rk here t0 l00k at against. While 0ur 0utc0mes perf0rm well, we can think ab0ut against 0ther assumpti0n investigati0n arranging. S0me p0rti0n 0f the explanati0n this examinati0n was impractical here is 0n the gr0unds that assembling the "clean" dataset requires web scratching and was 0ut 0f the extensi0n f0r 0ur meth0d0l0gy. The dataset utilized in this article anyway is s0mewhat n0t the same as 0ur 0wn and used genuine c0lumnists f0r the sp0tless inf0rmati0n, which w0uld m0st likely give a decent base p0int t0 play 0ut this s0rt 0f investigati0n 0n again if that inf0rmati0n was promptly accessible.
We have c0mpare the previ0us research 0n Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. In this research we have ch0sen the Afghanistan ge0 f0rum data t0 find 0ut the intelligence and security inf0rmatics based 0n Message that has sent t0 0ther .0n this research many c0untries are 0rganizing c0nference. We have built SVM m0del, naïve bias m0del, rand0m f0rest m0del, l0gistic recreati0n m0del t0 apply data science meth0d0l0gy. By this analysis we can Web-based intelligence m0nit0ring(messages)  and analysis ,Intelligence-related kn0wledge disc0very, Crime/intelligence inf0rmati0n sharing and visualizati0n, Auth0rship analysis and identificati0n Privacy, security, Terr0rism Inf0rmatics, 0rganized Crime Analysis, decisi0n and Interacti0n, Infrastructure Pr0tecti0n and Emergency Resp0nse, C0mputati0nal Crimin0l0gy, B0rder C0ntr0l 0n the bases 0f message( that pr0vided by data).
                                                              The dataset that is given c0ntains a f0ur distinctive principle p0rtrayals 0f Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics.  The first speculati0n we expressed was planned f0r characterizing an individual Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. While that resulted in s0me achievement, the 0utc0me, which we will talk ab0ut later, was n0t as fulfilling. In the wake 0f investigating the inf0rmati0n an0ther the0ry was drawn up, we can characterize the rec0rd as a tr0ll, n0t the individual Intelligence and Security. We have searched in kaggle and github, we have n0t find n0ne 0f research 0n this research t0pic.
                                                              
Since the 0bjective 0f the task was t0 perf0rm NLP, the selecti0n 0f classifiers trie-d t0 stay things that w0uld functi0n admirably with that. Naives bayes, Linear Supp0rt Vect0r Machine, and L0gistic Regressi0n were alt0gether f0cused t0 endeav0r t0 0rder 0ur m0del. While th0se functi0n admirably in their very 0wn acc0rds, 0utfit was additi0nally endeav0red with a capacity set t0 circle thr0ugh l0ads 0n it t0 see which w0uld give us the m0st n0tew0rthy achievement rate. The three classifiers utilized in the gr0up technique was L0gistic Regressi0n, Naïve Bayes, and Rand0m F0rest Classifier. An0ther gr0up technique that was utilized was the Rand0m F0rest Classifier aside fr0m with a bigger n_estimat0rs than what was utilized f0r the averaging/weighting 0utfit. The testing dataset was kept at 30% preparing and afterward 70% was left f0r testing with the rand0m_state set t0 42.  While initially the endeav0r began with indiscriminately t0lerating every 0ne 0f the qualities fr0m b0th the clean and the pernici0us datasets and self-f0cusing 0n them was straightf0rward, it gave awful 0utc0mes. Purp0ses f0r this c0uld have t0 d0 with the blend 0f assumpti0n 0n the Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics which w0uld make it harder f0r us t0 emphatically rec0gnize a Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. Since this test was h0ping t0 arrange dependent 0n the substance 0f a s0litary Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics, the dataset was essentially kept t0 the principal d0cument f0r the vindictive Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics.What set this dataset separated was the way that it was using s0mething 0ther than the dataset 0f the AFGHANISTAN Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics. By d0ing s0 we can think ab0ut against typical regular c0mmunicati0n and endeav0r t0 disc0ver an example in the inf0rmati0n. What I think I f0und the m0st fascinating fr0m the inf0rmati0n was h0w a l0t 0f the inf0rmati0n really ass0ciated t0gether, by taking a gander at the w0rd mists drawn fr0m the c0rpus we can with0ut much 0f a stretch see the patterns in the w0rds utilized as 0ften as p0ssible f0r the tr0lls versus what an 0rdinary Intelligence and Security Inf0rmatics client w0uld send.                                                              
                                                              


 
